Rewording the readme to no longer mention the removed qml_quick app. (#642)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-toolkit-qt: uitools/examples/README.md

# UI Tools Examples

> This module contains the example app, [cpp_quick](cpp_quick/cpp_quick.pro).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module contains the example app, [UitoolsExample](UitoolsExamples.pro).
```

Might want to double check this suggestion is working. I can't click the link it generates through this interface. But `cpp_quick/cpp_quick.pro` doesn't exist anymore.
